app/ToDo.md, before:

This is a list of to-dos, in order of priority
Functionalities:

1. Calendar-like function. To integrate with the colouring, so we have a proper coloured mood tracker (J will do this. I will help out as well.)

2. Thresholds for Questionnaire redirection (S will provide me with the thresholds. Then I will do the linking to screens)

3. Curate list of resources (R & S will do this. After S is done, simply add in to the screens)

- Breathing exercises
- Face massage
- Stuff to encourage good mental hygiene

7. UI/UX

- Background pictures for screens
- Icons stuff

MISC
... Saving overall app state, and loading on startup

<------------------------------------------------------------ COMPLETED STUFF ------------------------------------------------------------>

1. Colour-based mood changing, mood selection
2. Helplines screen
3. Helplines kinda beautified. More UI updates to come.
4. Screens setup pretty much done
5. Notifications
6. Saving + Fetching on local storage with AsyncStorage
7. Services
8. Settings screen is done (except for About Us)
9. Questionnaire

Hidden Screens:

- Questionnaire screen is pretty much done. Left UI/UX updates
  --> Form fillup
  --> Still needs to link to each different screen (Resources, PFA, Counsellor, Psych)

<------------------------------------------------------------ ADDITIONAL STUFF ------------------------------------------------------------>

<---------------------------------------------------------------- POSSIBLE REFACTORING ------------------------------------------------------------------------------>

- Pass Questions and Answers as a prop into QuestionnaireBox

Commit message:

finished Form, minor screen updates
updated ToDo as well

app/ToDo.md, after:

This is a list of to-dos, in order of priority
Functionalities:

1. Calendar-like function. To integrate with the colouring, so we have a proper coloured mood tracker (J will do this. I will help out as well.)

2. Thresholds for Questionnaire redirection (S will provide me with the thresholds. Then I will do the linking to screens)

3. Curate list of resources (R & S will do this. After S is done, simply add in to the screens)

- Breathing exercises
- Face massage
- Stuff to encourage good mental hygiene

7. UI/UX

- Background pictures for screens
- Icons stuff

<------------------------------------------------------------ COMPLETED STUFF ------------------------------------------------------------>

1. Colour-based mood changing, mood selection
2. Helplines screen
3. Helplines kinda beautified. More UI updates to come.
4. Screens setup pretty much done
5. Notifications
6. Saving + Fetching on local storage with AsyncStorage
7. Services
8. Settings screen is done (except for About Us)
9. Questionnaire
10. Forms. Mostly completed, just need to link up to the correct resources eventually (Psychologist, Counsellor?).
11. Retrieving state from local storage done. Now, we only need to wait for the mood tracking and then save that, and it's fully complete.

Hidden Screens:

- Questionnaire screen is pretty much done. Left UI/UX updates

- Consent Form:
  --> What to do on submit? How to book an appointment with UCS? For now, use a placeholder

<------------------------------------------------------------ ADDITIONAL STUFF ------------------------------------------------------------>

<---------------------------------------------------------------- POSSIBLE REFACTORING ------------------------------------------------------------------------------>

- Pass Questions and Answers as a prop into QuestionnaireBox
